.TH StemShell 3 "20 July 2017" "0.1" "Holberton Students Shell Manual"
.SH NAME
.B      StemShell (stemshell) - the standard command interpreter

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B      ./stemshell

.SH DESCRIPTION
StemShell's purpose is to mimic the standard command interpreter. The current version of StemShell is in the process of being further developed. \
However, the purpose of the shell project is to immitate how the shell processes commands.

.SS Overview
The shell is a command that reads lines from a file or the terminal. The main purpose of the project is to interpret them and execute user commands.
The StemShell is supposed to be able to immitate the original shell. It should have the \
advantage of being able to use commands in both interactive and non-interactive. Commands \
should be typed directly to the running shell or can be put into a file and the file can \
executed directly by the shell, using pipes.

.SS Invocation
An interactive shell generally prompts before each command and is capable of handling \
programming and command errors. If no arguments are present and the standard input of the \
shell is connected to a terminal, the shell is considered an interactive shell.

The StemShell is supposed to be capable of handling interactive and non-interactive mode, \
however, in it's current state, it can only be used to print out /bin/ls, env, and can exit the \
program.

.SS Argument List Processing
Currently, there are no options available.

.SS Lexical Structure and Quoting
Currently, the StemShell does not take operators or quotes.

.SH INITIALIZATION
.B      compiles with gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic *.c
.SH ENVIRONMENT
        PID     The process ID of the child process of the shell.

        PPID    The process ID of the parent process of the shell.
.SH BUILT-INS
.B      There are currently two builtins - exit and env.

.SH BUGS
        The shell is considered incomplete and is scheduled for further development. Bugs exist.
.SH AUTHOR
Joann Vuong & Tope Agboola
